Journey with Puchki 

30 August, 2025: Matched on Hinge
Photo: <Hinge.jpg>
Loved the energy fun positive dancer vibes talented foodie 
After a lot of discussions on life and relationships and kundli matching being on point 32/36
Photo: <kundli matching.jpeg>
In between:
4. Connected on Instagram Shared life past stories and stalked each other posts 
5. After a month, we Talked over phone and it felt connected right through the heart talking about future marriage astrology and that 1 hour of call is still best memory

September 2025:
6. We sent request to each other on Jeevansaathi and asked our parents to connect hiding the fact that we know each other 
7. Over weekends, I cooked pasta, cheela, sandwiches photos with you and found my foodie partner who gets excited with food, my sukhoon 
8. With love in my heart, me my parents came to meet you and your family in October 11, 2025 it never felt like I don't know always felt so comfortable and easy to talk to you at your home 🏡 


October 18, 2025: Family Meeting
in Advant for tasty dahi kebabs, Palak patta chat  
at Karigari whrere finally our families agreeded to move ahead.


October 25, 2025: Chocolate Date
 We met at Eldeco Manam Chocolate and had first date at Arts Cafe. Bought flowers and choclates for you.
Althought pasta was sooo healthy to be tasty, but comfort and love and best talking about memories and tallkign about future and my heart was full of love for you .
Photos: October 25, 2025 folder


November 8, 2025, 
Your family came to bhaiya home in Gurgaon We first went to worldmark,
 for our first ever shopping together where you bought body shop body butter and 
 we ate berry drink and dessert at Starbucks. This day is special because this was our first quick hug. 
 We wore matching outfits, blue black on that day. yaay!
Photos: November 8, 2025 folder


12. After that day, comfort just kept on increasing, missed your hugs and love and care you show me. Sending your OOTds daily going to offish and listening, talking to you over phone and listening to your sweet voice was my favorite part of the day. Kept waiting for weekends to meet you. 
November 22, 2025 - was one of the most memorable days for us.
 We had our first candle light dinner and lot of healthy pasta and pizza with drinks. 
 Candle light dinner was just amazing with so holding hands and cheek pecks, 
 amazing music and atomospher at Music and Mountains, Greater Kailash 2. 
Photos: November 22, 2025 folder


November 29, 2025 - First Movie Date at PVR Director's Cut
amazing our first movie date at PVR Director's Cut, Tere Ishk Mein we watched and our first close interaction
we had so much fun watching the movie and eating pasta. After that we enjoued another one of our favourite restraunts
at Burma Burma - Khao Suey and lots of Sushi at PF Changs.
Photos: November 29, 2025 folder


December 2, 2025: Gaming zone Date
Loved playing the games with you, you were so competitive and funny. We also enjoyed the food at 
Noor by Khubani, which had great ambience but food was not that great. 
We enjoyed bowling and arcade games. 
Photos: December 2, 2025 folder

December 7, 2025: Movie Date and One8 Commune Date
Best animation fun movie Zooptopia 2 we enjoyed at PVR.
After that we had dinner at One8 Commune, Noida. Best pasta which was live counter made and Dimsum and all other dishes
were so good. We clicked such amazing photos.
Photos: December 7, 2025 folder


December 13, 2025: Art Date
Best date ever where we handpainted small house and painitng together, best way to bond and share our love 
stronger with house and painitng. Palette Cafe, they had the best food and so much fun in painting.
After that we also clicked so many photos at Fiaba which was okay at food but amazing for photos.
Photos: December 13, 2025 folder

December 20, 2025 - Meeting your friend
amazing meeting your friend Sumedha and we had most amazing best asian food at Hichki and one of most memorable
days for us. Eldeco Centre cafes Hichki is a gem.
Photos: December 20, 2025 folder

December 28, 2025 - Movie Date and Asian Food
enjoyed Avatar Fire and Ash at PVR Director's Cut and we ate so much at Saule - so much sushi, bao, dimsum and what not.
and ofcourse your favorite Danish Pesto at Theos Bakery. Tres Leches and Dahi Kebab at Saule.
Baos they had were amazing, one of the most tasty ones.
Photos: December 28, 2025 folder


January 1, 2026 - New Year Date and Gurdwara Visit with Italian Food
One of the best new years to start journey with you. We started our day with Gurdwara best feeling and with blessings
of God. Best places to eat -= House of Migo  - best pasta and  sandwiches. you looked extra cute and 
beatiful in that dress and with flowers and background we had the best photos clicked on that day. 
Thank you so much for the cute santa night lamp and mug.
Photos: January 1, 2025 folder

January 10, 2026 - Family Meeeting
Important day in our life, our finally agreed met and decided to take things
forward and finalize on the roka date.
Loved meeting with you and your family that day, felt so happy vibes with family around and loved spending time with everyone.
We enjoyed the food at Havmore restraunt in DLF Cyber HUb.
Photos: January 10, 2026 folder


January 17, 2026: Movie Date and Saule Asian Date
Started our day with movie date at PVR Director's Cut - Happy Patel Movie. So flop boring movie but it was so comfortable watching with you
with the comfort of director's cut.
then we enjoyed the Theos famous - Danish Pesto one your favourite and Chinese roll which was so bad. Then for deserrt it was Brownie pastry.
Best part of the day was Souful Saule date where we ate pizza, pasta, sushi, dimsum and endless food. CLicked so. many beatiful photos 
lovely evening with you lots of hugs and love. Matching flowers white chrysanthemum and whole truth chocolates.
Photos: January 17, 2026 folder


January 25, 2026: Asian YouMe and Movie Date
Best asian Sushi and Bao eaten till date, hehe thanks for the cute penguin gift from Miniso and Lot of cute hair clips for you.
You were so happy and happy dance on eating sushi and bao. So juicy and tasty. Felt so good to see you happy. 
We also enjoyed Romantic Movie and lots of home cooked meals - Dal Cheela.
Photos: January 25, 2026 folder

February 1, 2026: Shopping Date and Metro Date
Our frist metro date and shopping date. One of the best days spent so much joking cracking jokes and craziness.
through the streets of Karol bagh looking for suits and lehengas and what not. 
You bought so tasy home cooked food for me and walking was so tiring and fun with you, felt so much comfortable
we also went to Lajpat Nagar for shopping, damn we were so tired as hell, legs were not feeling like moving  hehe
Bestest day to rememeber
Photos: February 1, 2026 folder

February 8, 2026: Shopping Date
Best shopping date, walking through the streets of Lajpat Nagar, buying shoes, suits, clothes. 
It is so much fun shoppign with you, We both bought so many gifts for our parents and family. 
Started the day with not so good coffee and amazing your favorite Pesto Cheese Danish and Mushroom Danish at Theos Bakery.
Had amazing sushi at Sticky Rice and okay okay Dimsum and Baos.
Ended the day with BUrger at Kent's in Defence Colony.  Hope you liked my gift for Mugs and Red Rose. Thanks for the popepye gift Puchki.
Photos: February 8, 2026 folder